Logistic Regression is one of the most popular linear classification models that perform well for binary classification but falls short in the case of multiple classification problems with well-separated classes. While LDA handles these quite efficiently.
LDA can also be used in data preprocessing to reduce the number of features just as PCA which reduces the computing cost significantly.
LDA is also used in face detection algorithms. In Fisherfaces LDA is used to extract useful data from different faces. Coupled with eigenfaces it produces effective results.

Limitations of Logistic Regression
Logistic regression is a simple and powerful linear classification algorithm. It also has limitations that suggest at the need for alternate linear classification algorithms.

Two-Class Problems. Logistic regression is intended for two-class or binary classification problems. It can be extended for multi-class classification, but is rarely used for this purpose.
Unstable With Well Separated Classes. Logistic regression can become unstable when the classes are well separated.
Unstable With Few Examples. Logistic regression can become unstable when there are few examples from which to estimate the parameters.

Classification Problems. This might go without saying, but LDA is intended for classification problems where the output variable is categorical. LDA supports both binary and multi-class classification.
Gaussian Distribution. The standard implementation of the model assumes a Gaussian distribution of the input variables. Consider reviewing the univariate distributions of each attribute and using transforms to make them more Gaussian-looking (e.g. log and root for exponential distributions and Box-Cox for skewed distributions).
Remove Outliers. Consider removing outliers from your data. These can skew the basic statistics used to separate classes in LDA such the mean and the standard deviation.
Same Variance. LDA assumes that each input variable has the same variance. It is almost always a good idea to standardize your data before using LDA so that it has a mean of 0 and a standard deviation of 1.

Although, LDA is specifically used to solve supervised classification problems for two or more classes which are not possible using logistic regression in machine learning. But LDA also fails in some cases where the Mean of the distributions is shared. In this case, LDA fails to create a new axis that makes both the classes linearly separable.

To overcome such problems, we use non-linear Discriminant analysis in machine learning.